---
title: Squid Hierarchy Codes
tags:
  - squid
url: 593.html
id: 593
categories:
  - CDN
date: 2013-05-04 21:07:20
---

**NONE** For TCP HIT, TCP failures, cachemgr requests and all UDP requests, there is no hierarchy information. **DIRECT** The object was fetched from the origin server. **SIBLING_HIT** The object was fetched from a sibling cache which replied with UDP_HIT. **PARENT_HIT** The object was requested from a parent cache which replied with UDP_HIT. **DEFAULT_PARENT** No ICP queries were sent. This parent was chosen because it was marked "default" in the config file. **SINGLE_PARENT** The object was requested from the only parent appropriate for the given URL. **FIRST\_UP\_PARENT** The object was fetched from the first parent in the list of parents. **NO\_PARENT\_DIRECT** The object was fetched from the origin server, because no parents existed for the given URL. **FIRST\_PARENT\_MISS** The object was fetched from the parent with the fastest (possibly weighted) round trip time. **CLOSEST\_PARENT\_MISS** This parent was chosen, because it included the the lowest RTT measurement to the origin server. See also the closest-only peer configuration option. **CLOSEST_PARENT** The parent selection was based on our own RTT measurements. **CLOSEST_DIRECT** Our own RTT measurements returned a shorter time than any parent. **NO\_DIRECT\_FAIL** The object could not be requested because of a firewall configuration, see also never_direct and related material, and no parents were available. **SOURCE_FASTEST** The origin site was chosen, because the source ping arrived fastest. **ROUNDROBIN_PARENT** No ICP replies were received from any parent. The parent was chosen, because it was marked for round robin in the config file and had the lowest usage count. **CACHE\_DIGEST\_HIT** The peer was chosen, because the cache digest predicted a hit. This option was later replaced in order to distinguish between parents and siblings. **CD\_PARENT\_HIT** The parent was chosen, because the cache digest predicted a hit. **CD\_SIBLING\_HIT** The sibling was chosen, because the cache digest predicted a hit. **NO\_CACHE\_DIGEST_DIRECT** This output seems to be unused? **CARP** The peer was selected by CARP. **PINNED** The server connection was pinned by NTLM or Negotiate authentication requirements. **ORIGINAL_DST** The server connection was limited to the client provided destination IP. This only occurs on interception proxies when Host security is enabled. **ANY_PARENT** part of src/peer\_select.c:hier\_strings\[\]. **INVALID CODE** part of src/peer\_select.c:hier\_strings\[\].